# System Administration
## How do you change your DNS settings in Linux/Windows?
### On windows
-  from command line, start netsh >  
```cmd
interface show interface 
interface ip set dns name="ADAPTER-NAME" source="static" address="X.X.X.X"
```
- From Powershell
```cmd
PS C:\> Set-DnsClientServerAddress -InterfaceIndex 12 -ServerAddresses ("10.0.0.1","10.0.0.2")
```

### On Linux
- open a terminal
- use nano (or vi) to edit /etc/resolv.conf
- add a line of "nameserver x.x.x.x" with x.x.x.x being the IP address of your DNS server.
- save the file and you're done

# Encryption
## Does TLS use symmetric or asymmetric encryption?
### TLS uses both asymmetric encryption and symmetric encryption
###  The TLS handshake is done using asymmetric while the bulk data requires speed and therefore symmetric encrytion is used.

## What’s the difference between symmetric and public-key cryptography?
- symmetric uses a single key while public-key uses two

## In public-key cryptography you have a public and a private key, and you often perform both encryption and signing functions. Which key is used for which function?

- You encrypt with the other person’s public key, and you sign with your own private. If they confuse the two, don’t put them in charge of your PKI project

## Describe the process of a TLS session being set up when someone visits a secure website.

- **The 'client hello' message**: The client initiates the handshake by sending a "hello" message to the server. The message will include which TLS version the client supports, the cipher suites supported, and a string of random bytes known as the "client random."
- **The 'server hello' message**: In reply to the client hello message, the server sends a message containing the server's SSL certificate, the server's chosen cipher suite, and the "server random," another random string of bytes that's generated by the server.
- **Authentication**: The client verifies the server's SSL certificate with the certificate authority that issued it. This confirms that the server is who it says it is, and that the client is interacting with the actual owner of the domain.
- **The premaster secret**: The client sends one more random string of bytes, the "premaster secret." The premaster secret is encrypted with the public key and can only be decrypted with the private key by the server. (The client gets the public key from the server's SSL certificate.)
- **Private key used**: The server decrypts the premaster secret.
- **Session keys created**: Both client and server generate session keys from the client random, the server random, and the premaster secret. They should arrive at the same results.
- **Client is ready**: The client sends a "finished" message that is encrypted with a session key.
- **Server is ready**: The server sends a "finished" message encrypted with a session key.
- **Secure symmetric encryption achieved**: The handshake is completed, and communication continues using the session keys.